The Joe Rogan experience.
<Laugh> Michael yo. Yes. Back from the brink.
It it's crazy. You.
Are the first guy that I've. Well, my friend sturgju got it and I talked to him,
but he didn't get it real bad. Like.
How bad is not real bad. He really bad.
Okay. He was like, like a little fatigued. Yeah. Yeah. So tell,
gimme the full rundown for people who don't know what we're talking about.
You got coronavirus you one of the first to get it, uh,
that I know you got it right after you were on this podcast,
you were on this podcast. You flew to New York, did Gotham.
For four shows. Little rundown. Yeah, little rundown. As soon as I landed,
I did Wendy Williams on Monday.
And then I flew back and went to Vegas for a day, as soon as I got back.
And then I had three auditions. So I was run down. And that weekend.
Were you.
Feeling sick already? No, just.
Tired. No, just tired. Tired, but I mean, we're always tired really? You know,
the.
Road, the road gets.
You. Yeah. And, and I was, I was moving all the time and very stressful,
you know, you're, you're trying to perform,
you're trying to learn lines for an audition. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so I was,
I was very stressed out.
I was traveling a lot and that was like my third weekend in a row. So it was,
you didn't.
Sleep much sleep.
Or not? Yeah. I, I get great sleep, but you know, with two kids,
like they're both at the age where, you know, you have to have both eyes on 'em.
Do you ever, um, wear a sleep monitoring device or anything that.
I have, but I like a whooprap no, I I've never worn that,
but I get eight to nine hours of sleep every night. Like I'm a great sleeper.
Okay. Like I sleep through anything. So it wasn't a sleep day. I was just,
I was just tired overworked maybe, but Satur that's Saturday.
I didn't feel right. My temperature went up to like 1 0 1.
This is, you flew to New York. What day?
Uh, it was, I performed, I was there Wednesday,
which would've been I'm guessing at dates. May 4th. I mean, yeah. March 4th,
March 4th,
I performed the sixth and seventh stayed the eighth.
Did Wendy Williams on the ninth. Flew back on that Monday.
Went to Vegas, Tuesday morning. Came back that same day then.
What'd you do in Vegas besides heroin?
<Laugh> I, we were, you know, we visiting her parents,
my wife's parents with the kids and then, but was no party in no party.
It was drive in and drive out. Okay. But that's exhausting.
That's that's exhausting. That's 10 hours on the road. Yeah.
And then dealing with two kids in a car and then the three auditions.
And then that Saturday, I didn't feel right. And this is,
you gotta remember when I performed in New York,
there's only 11 deaths and it was like 3000 cases. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
that's how much, this thing has changed. But Saturday I didn't feel right.
1 0 1, it went, I said, I should isolate myself because I in New York,
that's all you heard about. So I was like, let me just be safe and isolate.
Myself. So let's, let's break this down. Mm. So you leave Wednesday,
you go to New York. Mm-hmm <affirmative> you do a couple of different TV things.
Yep.
Then you do the weekend at Gotham mm-hmm <affirmative> and then you fly home
and then you go to Vegas on Tuesday and then you drive home on Wednesday,
drive back Tuesday, night, Tuesday. Oh Jesus. Yeah. So in and out in one day.
In and out in one day, and then Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, then Saturday,
I was like, okay. I, this is my rest day.
And then I woke up and something just didn't feel right. Mm. So I was going,
okay, it's probably the road, you know what? I I'm stressed road.
So it's about during the day I hang out, I isolate myself,
but I'm between one hundred and one oh one second day.
I'm a like 1 0 1, 1 0 2, but I'm still like, look, I'm,
I'm gonna beat this thing. They say, stay at home.
Because at that time mm-hmm <affirmative> they said, if you have symptoms,
stay at home because they're taking the more serious cases. Right.
So the Sunday, Sunday came around.
I kind of went down a little, I was taking aspirin,
a lot of aspirin because one doc at the time said, take it every four hours.
And I was also taking, um,
aspirin and something else to bring your temperature down. I forgot what it was,
but oh, ti um, aspirin. And, well, you said.
When you started taking ibuprofen, that's when it you up. That's.
When I felt it did. So Sunday I started to in this massive headache.
So that's when I really started popping the aspirin three, every three hours,
but aspirin.
Or ibuprofen.
Uh, it was ibuprofen.
That's a big difference between aspirin and ibuprofen.
Ibuprofen is a non-torsteroidal antiinflammatory.
Okay. Well, okay. I was taking, I was taking Advil.
Whatever Avil yes, that is a non-steroidal. Anti-inflammatory okay.
This is what I keep hearing.
And I don't know if this has been substantiated that you shouldn't take, um,
ibuprofen while you have this. Okay. Well, for whatever reason,
I don't know what that is.
I don't know. I don't know if that's been discredited or is that,
is that real either? I don't know either. So I, I was taking a lot of Advil.
Okay. Lot of Advil in, uh, Tylenol, bring the fever down.
So I got it down on Sunday, but then I had a massive headache.
So then they said, well, your temperature's going down.
This was our doctor friend, your temperature's going down, just hit the Advil.
So I hit the Advil Monday at noon.
I couldn't breathe like gasping for air.
And my wife had to call 9 1, 1 to the house to get me.
So I'm gasping for air nine. One one shows up. They bring me outside.
They throw me on this huge, this oxygen machine right away. They like,
you know what kind of an, a ventilator? Uh, not a ventilator. No, just a,
just a normal oxygen machine. But they say we gotta get oxygen in you. Okay.
And it, it is almost like a movie. I'm the neighbor,
all out ambulance is overlooking me. You know, the ambulance is there.
All the neighbors are looking. I can't breathe. My son is in the window.
This is the worst. My son is in the window. He doesn't know what's going on,
but he knows it's not good. And he's only three and he's crying. Oh. Uh,
and I'm watching him cry and I can't do anything. I can't breathe.
And literally when they picked me up to carry me to the ambulance,
cuz they need to get me to the hospital right away.
It was the whole window thing. He put his hand up. Oh, oh Jesus. It, it, it,
it really hurt me really bad.
So I get into the ambulance and they take me it's soon as I get to
the hospital, the doctor goes, you got Corona.
So they take how, but did they do a test or did you just, yes.
The first thing they do is they do a chest x-ray mm-hmm <affirmative> and they
go, you got double pneumonia and Corona.
What's double pneumonia when it's on in both lungs. Okay. So double pneumonia.
And you have Corona, we believe, but we got in test. So they, you know,
swabbed me and stuff. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but they took all the precautions.
Like I had Corona, I was the first Corona patient at this hospital.
This is how early it was, you know? So, um,
they took me to ICU, uh, and the doctor came in and I go, Hey,
this is escalating real. And I'm still can't breathe. I go, I gonna make it.
And he goes, well, no, in two days it's gonna go really good or really bad.
And we'll know in two days and every nurse or doctor that came in,
when they can't tell you, if you're gonna make it or not, you know,
they try to comfort you, but they can't really say you're gonna make it. And
it, and I was in the worst pain I've ever felt in my life too. Like what,
where had, I mean, just think about the worst migraine you've ever had.
Times a hundred, my body was hot and cold. It would get so hot.
My temperature got up to 103.8 and they had to bring
down and then it would go up to a hundred, 3.8 again, uh, I couldn't move.
My body was aching literally the second night I was there.
And I, and, and I know this is the wrong thing to think,
but if they had a eject button on life, I may have hit it.
I was in that much pain like that.
I couldn't even think clearly it, I,
I can't put into words how bad it was for me. So your head, your body,
everything, everything, everything where you just want it to be over. Wow.
It's either you're gonna make it. You're like,
and it was so bad where you want to think about your family.
But I was in so much pain, you know, I thought about 'em, but it was,
I can't make it. This is, this is the end.
And I can't see my family because they already told me that no one can come into
the hospital and I'm texting my wife,
lying to her saying, Hey, babe, I'm gonna make it through.
I'm gonna make it through where I'm talking to my parents going.
This may not go well. You know? And my parents,
the first thing I texted my parents is I'm scared. I've never texted.
'em something like that. And they knew how serious it was. And I, I said,
look, Claire's my wife, Claire is at home with the two kids.
I can't let her worry about this. You know, she was already stressed out enough.
She saw enough, you know,
so I'm in there and the doctor says that no one can come see you. So I'm going,
if these are the last two days of my life, I'm gonna die alone in this hospital.
And, and it just broke me up so bad that <affirmative>,
you know, I've taken care of myself, I've done everything I can, you know,
to take care of myself. And why am I lying in this bed right now? You know?
And it was a thing where,
when I did think about my wife, it was,
I will never see my wife and two kids again. You know,
that that's all that went through. My mind is like, I, it.
Did they put you on a ventilator?
No, my doctor saved my life. My doctor said, if we put you on a ventilator,
he said that he says, cuz a nurse brought it up.
Should we put him on a ventilator? And he goes, no way.
If we put him on a ventilator, he's gonna die because his body is gonna say,
okay, this machine is breathing for us. We don't need to work anymore.
I and your body shuts down. If you heard in New York,
80% of the people put on ventilators die.
And that's why you.
Think, I think that's why I survived. I've.
Heard that. I've, I've heard that being speculated by other doctors as well.
And it's very controversial because so many doctors put people on ventilators.
And the last thing they want to hear is another doctor saying,
you've put someone on a ventilator. They would be eye, but you, well.
My doctor said that straight up in the room in front of me to the nurses,
like if we put him on it, he's gonna die. Because his thing was,
it just makes sense why he would,
because now this machine is gonna breathe for him. So his body's not gonna,
it's like working out, you don't work out on muscle. It gets weak. Right.
This machine is doing all your lifting. So will we wanna put 'em on that?
Unless it's, it's just, we have to put 'em on it. You know?
But you've heard doctors were putting on people so fast because their oxygen
levels were so low. Right? They're like this isn't, this is not normal.
So we need to do something to get their oxygen level up.
I think doctors are like everything else. Right? There's really good ones.
Then there's ones that aren't as good. No, it's true with everything else,
with everything. Carpenters, plumbers, everything, every and everything.
And it's really, I look back. I'm still, now I've become very close to him.
And the dude saved my life. Cuz if I went on a ventilator, bro, I don't,
I may not be here because I when.
Want a ventilator, they kind of knock you out. You.
Out. Yeah. Yeah. You're unconscious.
Literally that machine is doing all your breathing.
Whew. So what did they give you?
What kind of medication did they give you while you were out? While, while you.
Were down, I'm healthy. Don't drink. Don't do drugs.
I was the perfect test subject. Maybe that's a problem.
Your body's not used to fighting out know.
<laugh> maybe if you gonna party all the time, your body's like,
we know how to recover. Right. This went.
On a bender. Listen, it, this, I gave it to my mom. Oh no. I gave,
so she gets home. She didn't tell me while I was in the hospital.
She beat it in one day and she talks to me now. Oh see,
I beat it in one day I have one fever.
<laugh> you take eight days in ICU, you know? And then she tells me,
let's cut you too healthy. You need carbs now <laugh>.
You need carbs. That'silarious now she's.
A doctor. Now she's a doctor. But I gave it to, to my mom. She beat her one day,
but well.
She probably wasn't run down. No dude run down is the thing, man. You know,
look, I'm a guy. I take a lot of vitamins. I work out a lot.
I get in the song every day, but I, I just flew back from Florida.
Like I saw you flew to Florida and came back yesterday. I felt like dog.
And just from the flight man, just from the and it's day. So, um,
I scheduled an IV vitamin drip. I had the vitamin drip people. Yeah.
Come to my house, hit me with glutayone zinc, vitamin C everything.
And uh, I felt better almost immediately.
Yeah. You gotta take care of yourself.
I've heard from so many di after I went through this and big shout out to your
fan base because they reached out to me and show me so many love when I was in
the hospital and I just got out and that means so much to me. That's awesome.
When they reached out and it was, it was really all love. Uh,
but so many doctors reached out to me too and said,
there's so much misinformation out there.
And I texted you about one that people should know about.
When people get out of the hospital with Corona,
there's no magical time. They're saying 14 days.
Literally when I got out the hospital, I was in the hospital for eight days. Uh,
the last three days I didn't have a fever. So they let me go.
They said seven days, six days after that, I would be fine.
But another doctor told me, look, after you're cleared. After 14 days,
people still have Corona.
They're they're taking the chance that it's not contagious.
And that's why hospitals don't test people.
And he said that this is why hospitals don't test people before they let 'em go
is because they know they still got Corona, but hopefully it's not contagious.
So that's why they never test.
Because if they did that means people gotta stay there two to three weeks
longer. Oh.
And that's the real reason he says we would never te can you imagine when New
York was going through that, like really bad. I mean,
they're still going through it, but when it was at its peak. Yeah.
If they tested everybody that left,
most of those people would still have Coronas.
So that would back up the system even more. Mm.
And then insurance has to pay for an extra three weeks. So I learned that.
I learned that my other doctor said this whole, uh,
preexisting conditions is. He goes, you came in. He says,
this is how much it is. You came in. If I would've died in the hospital,
they would've said my pre preexisting condition was migraines.
They would've gone down as he said, they, but there.
Are some preexisting conditions that week in your immune system, like obesity,
diabetes.
There's a bunch of 'em that they're saying in New York are the primary factors
of the people that wind up having a really hard time with this.
Well, he's saying though, they're using.
That preexisting conditions.
And I say it in quotes to let healthy or other people
almost like, oh, well, if you don't have this preexisting, you're gonna be fine,
but it's not true. He's like, they're using it to calm people down. He goes,
it's not true at all. He says, I see people that are fine. Just like you might.
I see people that do have preexisting conditions. I, I see the whole gamut.
It's not just people with preexisting conditions,
but they're finding those people and highlighting those. And he's even at,
they're even adding deaths to that preexisting conditions total because they,
they need some, what you mean deaths to the preexisting? Forist like mine, it,
my preexisting condition. He said, if I were to die in that hospital, he says,
oh, well he had migraines in his past.
So they would've put that down as a preexisting condition. Well,
how often do you get migraines?
I mean, ever since I was a kid, but really well, I, you,
I played college football, uh, for university of Arkansas. I,
I got so many concussions. I couldn't play anymore. So,
and this was before the whole concussion. Right? So my mom made me quit.
She was like, you're not playing anymore. So it, it was a thing where,
but it wasn't a condition. I have 'em once every, I have one every five,
six months maybe. But he says, would you come in with,
since I had migraines mm-hmm <affirmative> and they didn't know my history of
migraines. Right. But he goes,
we would've had to say that was a preexisting condition.
I haven't heard that preexisting condition being migraines, but I,
I have heard diabetes is a giant factor.
Obesity is a giant factor and vema-hmm <affirmative> people smoke cigarettes,
but then there was an article recently,
something I got super suspici and I didn't even read the article.
It was an article that said that, uh, nicotine may help people with coronavirus.
And I was like, that's the cigarette industry. Right?